You can open the door
Please, please let me go
I'm very useful, please let me go
Liang is fine
Since you say he has the ability to predict
Then he will definitely leave a clue
Rare for the old gentleman's divination ability
He's not leaving like this anymore
Find it
Wait a minute
We believe
I can't believe that.
You see the words here
See blood like a human
How is A Liang doing recently?
Count the days
We've been apart for half a year
I'll give you a hexagram on a whim
But found that there seems to be a powerful man in Tianji Pavilion
Shoot and don't let you investigate
But the art of the road 50
Sky Eye 49
The clock taken at once cannot be hidden
I see it, but it's blurry.
I can't give you a definite answer.
But I can tell you
The person you are looking for is far away
What is the origin?
As expected of a master
Since you can play against a thousand-year-old power like the imperial teacher
Still win half a son
Do you already know where the state affairs are?
Exactly.
I already know where it is.